# Scotland Yard Project

##  Brief Task Overview
Welcome to the Scotland Yard project! The project will help you to develop your programming skills, in particular to gain further competence, confidence and agility in the way you write object-oriented programs. You will apply an object-oriented paradigm, as well as development and testing techniques. The project will conclude in an unmarked competition event. During the next few weeks, you will develop components for a Java application that allows you to simulate and play "Scotland Yard". The project consists of two parts: 1) the implementation of a core game component [CW-MODEL](https://www.ole.bris.ac.uk/bbcswebdav/courses/COMS10009_2017/content/model/index.html#cw-model) in OO-style, 2) the implementation of an open-ended AI extension [CW-AI](https://www.ole.bris.ac.uk/bbcswebdav/courses/COMS10009_2017/content/ai/index.html), as well as a 3-page PDF report and a presentation of your work. The project is to be completed in programming teams of two as registered on SAFE, do not exchange and code between teams and ensure your repositories are private to your two team members at all times. Develop the code required in your team - do not plagiarise! If any third party code is used it needs to be cited as such in your code. You must also flag any use of third party code in your implementation before your presentation.

**TASK INTRODUCTION CW-MODEL:**  In this first task we will ask you to implement a Java class, which models the game meachanics of "Scotland Yard" within a given software framework. As in previous courseworks we have provided you with a code skeleton for the project and an extended test suite. Note that you will implement the full version of the game (not the beginners version). Different to the board game rules, you will NOT model the Police or Bobbies, and the ability of detectives to decide their move order among themselves is NOT to be implemented either; there should be one fixed order of rotation of players. Note that the number of rounds in a game is variable positive  Integer  and is not fixed to 24. Be also aware that when a detective moves, the ticket used will be given to Mr X. In your implementation Mr X should start with the following tickets: Taxi = 4, Bus = 3, Underground = 3, Double = 2, Secret = 5. It is recommended that you pay special attention to rules for double moves and secret moves, since these are particularly complex.

## README
I have only uploaded the main java class I worked on to the github, as the majority of the other classes were not of my own work. I was only required to work within this one class to complete the project. 

